the first mistake you've made is in
saying this is all just meaningless
drama it's not this is very serious and
on some level I think if you pause to
reflect how you would feel if you were
in my position you know this is serious
you and Joe best both are people who
have totally failed to take a moral
stand on this issue which is not
meaningless drama it is a really
important issue you know the threats of
violence the defamation calling someone
a pedophile or a child-size better it's
if this is not many let me believe me I
understand in this video when you say
you just wanted to keep your distance
from Durham writer of nothing do throw I
completely sympathize I mean ninety
percent of what during writer puts out
is meaningless drama you may not
remember it but when you made a video
angrily denouncing me because I pointed
out that the translation of your tattoo
was incorrect I made a very friendly
video and reply and I made that video
partly to help you feel better hey what
up this video is going to talk briefly
about one amusing case of an incorrectly
translated tattoo and then I'm going to
speak briefly on my experience with
translations of tattoos and some other
languages because I've studied so many
different languages and I've lived in so
many odd parts of the world and I'm put
in there like a link to my video my my
vegan story video and this guy comments
on it I have my tattoo exposed and it
was asking me what the meaning was
supposed to be and he was going on about
our if in all these various translations
that he'd studied it could mean this or
it could mean that what what does it
mean I I got an offended response here
on YouTube from a guy whom I was trying
to help out by alerting him to the fact
that his Chinese tattoo did not say what
he thought it said now this is a bit of
a cultural phenomenon there's a blog
called handsy s'matter Hanzus matter but
anyway I'll have to spell out that link
for you guys to find it probably but
there were different
that collect examples of people who pay
for a tattoo and they asked for one
thing but got another thing and whenever
there's a language barrier involved
things can go horribly wrong with
tattoos and this is especially common
these days with both Chinese and
Japanese now I have a colleague who
works on Sanskrit and Sanskrit also has
its own kind of hilarious stories and
hilarious websites devoted to this
subject of people who don't know the
language paying money to get a tattoo in
the language because they think it has
some special symbolic significance or
what have you so anyway uh the situation
just a couple days ago was that this guy
had an image himself up with this
Chinese tattoo and the thing isn't that
it made no sense at all it looked like
it was trying to make sense that's often
the case with a mistranslation singing
are you was he trying to say like a
hundred percent like I'm a hundred
percent or I'm gonna go I'm gonna give
it a hundred or I want a hundred was
what you know what was the tattoo trying
to get at and anyway so road to the guy
said look you know or was it that he was
trying to phonetically get the name of
the country Brazil like what you know
you're just thinking through these
different possibilities or you know is
it an idiom but they only gave him half
of the phrase and not the you know like
a four character idiom so you're just
thinking of these different
possibilities and white one L just so
like I wasn't really getting a good vibe
off him so I just I just simply said
back look if I had a penny for every
time someone had told me that they knew
what the translation of it was and it
was something different to what I for
I'd be rich I was looking at his tattoo
I'm just looking up in the dictionary
and I wrote to one Chinese friend of
mine and said look you know can you make
sense out of it anyway and then i wrote
the guy on facebook and he wrote back at
first with the comment that basically
indicated he doesn't care what it really
says he's had with the tattoo and that's
that well yeah you know but i'm trying
to figure it out and I had some more
suggestions like this like we thinking
about the country Brazil was it this
thing was that thing
and he that sent me a link to a video in
which he tells the whole story of how he
got this tattoo his parents went to Hong
Kong and they were told a certain story
about this that this was the meaning of
this is the sound and you know feel bad
for the guy but what his parents were
told was a hundred percent wrong what
they were told but the meaning of the
Chinese characters was wrong and also
what they were told about the sound the
phonetic significance of the characters
was false I couldn't really be bothered
with messaging him back anymore so I
just sent a link to the video that I
made where I explain what my tattoos men
and then he posted back this long
response same how my parents had been
lied to and that wasn't the translation
so I wrote back to tell Manson look I'm
sorry to tell you but what you've got
written on your skin doesn't make sense
at any language and the sound isn't what
you think it is and I said but the good
news is the actual characters used they
can be transformed to make another
phrase that makes sense you know so when
you talk about making a cover-up tattoo
you could add some words after it or
some words before it you could figure
something out and this is the part he
really misunderstood I was trying to
explain to him that one of the
characters he has is pretty much
meaningless in modern Chinese but it is
used phonetically for certain types of
foreign sounds so the example I gave him
and he misunderstood this and this is
maybe why so set I said look you knows
this is a phonetic symbol and it's in
the Chinese word for fascism now he has
misremembered this in his mind got
confused he thought I was warning him
that his tattoo actually had the meaning
fascism but no it was an example of one
of the foreign sound so you know this
kind of sound in fascism they choose to
transcribe that into Chinese with this
symbol the one translation that it could
be was they said fascism and he
suggested that I get it covered up to it
shut I'll after that and I
responded well now you know I've never
get get it covered up because anyone
who's ever had a tattoo could tell you
it doesn't matter what the tattoo means
now it's what it meant at the time when
you got it so they use it in a number of
other words that have nothing in common
in terms of meaning it's just phonetic
you see I'm rocking a long old peaceful
happy in my reality and then you're
coming along bringing all of this oh
you're tan who says fascism I'll suggest
you should get it covered up down my
face of that stuff nobody wants to hear
that get back to your activism stuff so
look I understand the guy felt offended
as heartbroken it's overstating it say
yeah that's our program but I understand
he felt frustrated with me because I was
the bringer of bad news in telling him
that his tattoo does not mean what he
thinks it means but of course the other
hand he's also playing with a little bit
of cognitive dissonance because he's
saying repeatedly that he doesn't care
about what the tattoo means objectively
he only cares about what it means to him
subjectively so look that's all I can do
for you I looked it up in the dictionary
because I found an interesting I asked
one Chinese friend about it I tried to
figure out what it meant I tried to warn
you but both what it means and what it
sounds like the meaning is not linked to
fascism that's just an example of how
the character is now used in modern
Chinese because it is mostly used as a
phonetic character not for its meaning
so hey it is what it is look Chinese is
in some ways the last and the least of
the languages I've studied there were no
false claims about my level of ability
in Chinese on this YouTube channel on my
blog in any of my publication you can
look through what I've managed to do
living around Chinese in and around the
Chinese language but you know poly is
the ancient scriptural language used for
terrell out of buddhism and i had a lot
of experiences of encountering people
who sometimes had tattoos that were
incorrect that we're trying to evoke the
cultural history of tera vaada Buddhism
but then also sometimes you meet people
at tattoos that were complete
correct but you'd wonder man what does
this mean to you I bumped into a French
guy on the banks of the Mekong River and
he had an elaborate traditional
Cambodian poly tattoo a full magical
diagram tattoo that went right up to his
neck and covered his whole upper chest
CZ elaborate little magical squiggles
that are broken pally they're written in
this language I studied and like I can't
say it's incorrect he went to a tattoo
artist who really is part of that
tradition but like this guy I you know I
talked him a little bit he's not a
Buddhist he doesn't believe in this
stuff he doesn't understand what symbols
means and like you're going to job
interviews with this written on your
neck whoa you know that blows my mind
however in his case when you get a
tattoo in an obscure language with its
Cambodian or pally or in this case a
combination of Cambodia nampalli to
understand it that to you need to both
no written Cambodian and the underlying
language pally he's not going to bump
into a lot of people who know what his
tattoo means any better than he does
there are millions and millions of
people by contrast who can read the
chinese language all over the world so
if you've got a tattoo in chinese that
doesn't make sense well it means
something you don't think it means it's
a problem and you know if you feel that
you're happy with your tattoo and you
don't want to change it that's one thing
in terms of how Chinese people will
regard you or anyone with a little bit
of an education Chinese which includes
me I'm level one as a Chinese student to
just half a step up from level zero let
me tell you uh but just with the bits
and piece of the language I know from
the work I've done when I see that
tattoo right away I'm thinking what so
you got to think about that side of it
too um not everything in life is dream
and you can imagine how you might react
if you met someone who had something you
had a large prominent tattoo that was
written in English but the English
didn't quite make sense
and the more you looked at it the less
sense it made and you then asked a
friend does that see what I think it
says is what it is feeling negative
energy from your videos I've got a real
issue with people that leave me with it
with a sour taste in my mouth I try to
avoid those people like the plague you
not responding to my last comment
deleting all your comments ice left a
sour taste Oh in one of my songs shame
review hi Brett this is a video made as
a communication between myself and print
rawlings and Brett I hope this clarifies
things between us how this avoids
hostility and confusion between us Brad
I do not you know where to begin it's
too bad we didn't meet up or exchange
some kind words when we were both in
Chiang Mai you have over interpreted
what happened and that's okay I
sympathize all that happened from my
perspective was that I kind of sent you
a friendship gesture via Jake I'm you
know and when you said you didn't want
to talk or when it surprised you or to
have you I just like yeah well it's you
know at least that's something positive
a Senate majest you're saying hey you
know if you want to talk we can talk and
you know at least that's something
positive that's it that's a move in the
right direction but I didn't want to
make you uncomfortable I didn't want to
force the issue and I had nothing to
prove I mean I didn't go there with an
agenda at oh you know convert Brett
Rowling's to being a fan of the the
abella sale channel so you know it's
just a friendly gesture and that said
now in retrospect looking at the video
you just made now I mean I see it meant
a lot to you and a sense that's good but
now you know you've become disillusioned
or angry and you're very confused about
why your name appeared in my own video
recently the way that it did I
understand that and I've been willing
again again even with freely to
apologize just to make people feel
better you may not remember it but when
you made a video angrily denouncing me
because I pointed out that
the translation of your tattoo was
incorrect um I made a very friendly
video in reply and I made that video
partly to help you feel better you know
and everyone who's seen the video i made
thought it was friendly and that was
being helpful what have you so you know
being a nice guy is one thing and you
and I seem to have got our wires crossed
I hate that phrase Bo getting your wires
crossed there's been miscommunication on
Stella t between us largely due to
misinterpretation or over interpretation
being a nice guy is one thing hard
questions of right and wrong morally or
another okay I understand that you got
upset about your tattoo there are lots
of things you get upset about in the
internet today i understand i'm going to
talk about in just a minute i understand
you got upset that i mention your name
in that video however that is in no way
comparable to the controversy that's
unfolding with durianrider accusing me
of being a sexual predator with during
writer accusing me now of being a wife
beater you know criminal allegations
being made against people doing right or
hit him saying again you've said you
said in the video that you haven't
watched any of the stuff so you don't
know but during writer saying that I
should be arrested that a group of
people should beat me up and dragged me
to the police station etc so all of that
I mean I think you'll agree it's just
fine but that is in a totally different
level a totally different categories
which talking about I think the first
mistake you made in this video you've
just put up izel mazhar it in mini eyes
lak a vegan cheetah the first mistake
you've made is in saying this is all
just meaningless drama it's not this is
very serious and on some level I think
if you pause to reflect how you would
feel if you were in my position you know
this is serious you know that like when
when cheetah is asking you to take a
stand to make a moral statement to not
just kind of support durianrider but to
really say look there's a line this is
over the line that this is not
meaningless trim this is not like a
fight over whether or not sna o'neill
wears too much makeup you know in the
past during writer said offensive things
about SNL Neil but
that's not what's going on here this is
something much more serious now again
even if there was no even who was not my
fault at all I'd be happy to apologize
to you just because your feelings are
hurt and that's the kind of guy I am
again the apology to freely video and
think back to your own experience with
the tattoo you don't give me a lot of
credit for that but the context for this
you say I think somewhat you know
misleadingly in this video that you used
to be a supporter of mine now apparently
that's in reference to one comment you
made on one video that of course I
hadn't seen but bread come on be real be
honest with yourself here okay for about
a year since you and I had our tattoo
discussion you have been putting in the
time and effort to denounce me on the
internet again and again alongside vegan
revolution you two guys put in so much
time and energy doing that that most
time I see your comments right next to
each other there will be some video
posted and you and vegan revolution both
will be there saying that I'm a terrible
human being and you agree with each
other so you are in the class of people
like vegan revolution who have displayed
and almost obsessive hatred with me
hatred of me on the internet and I've
never seen you evaluating the content of
what I had to say or respond to the
substance would ever say I have seen you
consistently over time hating me as a
person and that's okay like you're
allowed to and I don't I don't even
resent it and that's why I reached out
to you through through Jacobs and
Sheamus I don't you know if you want if
you want to talk we can talk so again
you seem to give me no credit for that
and you seem to not see this controversy
in the context of your own actions I'm
not making this I'm really in making
this video is to make you feel better
and clarify with situation is but I do
hope you have a maturity to look at that
understand that you know it's just not
the case that you were a supporter of
mine until I mention your name this
video now what did I actually say about
you in the video i put you in the same
category as joe best and to me you are
now i don't think you're a part of a
conspiracy i don't think Joe bestest
part of against
see I understand how you misunderstood
that part of the video it's an
unscripted spontaneous video and it's
very easy to misinterpret that paragraph
specifically so you know my art goes out
to you and again I'm not blaming you
unreasonably however in what sense would
I from my perspective put you in the
same category as Joe best you and Joe
best both have made videos denouncing me
you and Joe best both have made comments
all over the internet saying I'm a
terrible person you and Joe best both
live in Chiang Mai now you and Joe best
both are people who have totally failed
to take a moral stand on this issue
which is not meaningless drama it is a
really important issue you know the
threats of violence the defamation
calling someone a pedophile or a child's
life better it's if this is not many let
me believe me I understand in this video
when you say you just wanted to keep
your distance from during writer of
nothing to do with Rome I completely
sympathize I mean ninety percent of what
during writer puts out is meaningless
drama like I i never made a video about
SNL neil and you know there's so much
crap you know whatever it is i know who
is he yelling at now for wearing too
much makeup or who is he yelling at for
being fat or whatever he's constantly
creating meaningless drama i completely
agree with that however this incident
you may not have lived into it this is
not meaningless drama the vegan cheetah
is actually quite right to say to you
that you as someone living in chiang mai
who has been considered a supporter of
during writer and someone who hates me
as not baseless I'm sorry but it is good
reason for everyone know the same with
you and vegan revolution you know in
same with you and Joe best and everyone
knows you know that you've been publicly
hating on the Sun there is good reason
for people to like cheetah to turn to
you and just say hey man this is your
chance to take a stand on an issue of
right and wrong okay that's very
different from the issue of being a nice
guy at the end of this video you may not
think I'm a nice guy yeah I'm not trying
to convince you that I'm a nice guy okay
I'm sorry that your feelings were hurt
I'm sorry that you resent
being named in that video how do you
think I feel more importantly how would
you feel if you were in my situation how
would you feel if it was you that was
getting denounced by Jeremiah this will
do it this way how would you feel if it
was you who was treated the way even
Jacobs has matured shakings asthma
treatment I've been treated much worse
than J games for obvious reasons okay
really ask yourself that question and
now if if we've checked traded positions
how would you feel watching that video
you've just made yourself you know where
you say you open by saying this is all
just meaningless drama and that you're
too good to get involved well you're not
Brett you've been involved you've been
involved for over a year and your
involvement has been negative I'm sorry
if you don't see it the way if you have
em need you like you really forget but
yes you have been there alongside um
vegan revolution and Joe best at both in
the fact you have me now two videos that
i know of denouncing me in video form
and you've made innumerable written
comments denouncing me okay so yeah
that's the reality of the situation when
I win and yeah it makes sense that
people including cheetah but not only
she would turn to you and say hey look
before it was just fun and games but now
that it's a real issue a real issue of
right and wrong where do you stand and
they're looking for you to do the right
thing and so far you haven't done that
now again I hope you look at the video
you've already made you reconsider what
you've done because that video it is
understandably self-centered and that's
okay you can talk about your feelings
talk about this stuff but the issue here
is not my saying that you're part of a
conspiracy which are not and that is not
what i was saying and I'm sorry I
understand why you misinterpreted that
but that's not what I have to say it's
not what I had to say then it's not what
I have to say now okay but real people
do real things bread okay this is a real
conflict and it is in our community
there's that word all right this doesn't
just impact me it impacts all of us and
I think in a sense you should be
flattered that people care enough about
you and care enough about your opinion
that they're demanding that you take a
stand because you know there are a
thousand other you know small vegan
youtubers some of whom are eager to take
a stand some aren't where nobody's
looking at them for their opinion and
their on the contrary they're struggling
to be heard so Brett people are looking
to you there are people in Chiang Mai
you care about you the ropes some people
around the world the care about you in
your opinion and what they need she hear
from you is not izel mazhar has a crazy
conspiracy theory it's not that you're
so mad that your name was brought into
it because dude your name has been in it
and you put your name in it with me and
you know you have in your own video
hating on me and everything else you
know you put your name into this
collision so did Joe best so did the
revolution you can't pretend that all
right you know and they don't need to
hear you know don't need to hear exactly
what you've said so look I hope you
don't think this is a terrible approach
Brett this is about right and wrong I
wasn't really getting a good vibe off
him feel a negative energy from your
videos I've got a real issue with people
that leave me with it with a sour taste
in my mouth